
=head1 NAME

grake - Youtube video link scanner

=head1 SYNOPSIS

grake [-q] [-i] [--csv | --json] [--proxy E<lt>addrE<gt> | --no-proxy]
    [<url>...]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

grake is a command line tool for scanning webpages for Youtube video links.

grake prints the found URLs to the standard output, each URL separated
with a newline. It can be used to select the items by using the
C<--interactive> prompt.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<--help>

Print help and exit.

=item B<--version>

Print version and exit.

=item B<-q, --quiet>

Be quiet.

=item B<-i, --interactive>

Open the interactive prompt which can be used to select the items.
grake selects I<all> items by default. See also L</INTERACTIVE PROMPT>.

=item B<--json>

Print details in JSON. Negates C<--csv>.

=item B<--csv>

Print details in CSV.

=item B<--proxy> I<arg>

Use I<arg> for HTTP proxy, e.g. "http://foo:1234". Overrides the http_proxy
environment setting.

=item B<--no-proxy>

Disable use of HTTP proxy. Overrides both C<--proxy> and http_proxy
environment settings.

=back

=head1 INTERACTIVE PROMPT

Use the C<--interactive> switch to open the prompt. Note that grake
uses (as of 0.1.0) the Umph::Prompt module for this. Once the prompt
opens, type "help" to get a list of commands available to the prompt.

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over 4

=item B<grake "http://youtube.com">

Typical use.

=item B<grake --json "http://youtube.com">

Same but print details in JSON.

=item B<grake "http://youtube.com" | cclive>

Download the found videos with C<cclive(1)>.

=back

=head1 EXIT STATUS

Exits 0 on success, otherwise E<gt>0;

=head1 FILES

=over 4

=item $HOME/.grakerc, for example:

echo "--title" E<gt>E<gt> ~/.grakerc

=back

=head1 NOTES

=over 4

=item B<http_proxy>

grake depends on LWP::UserAgent which reads the http_proxy environment
setting.
  env http_proxy=http://foo:1234 grake URL

=back

=head1 WWW

E<lt>http://grake.googlecode.com/E<gt>

E<lt>http://repo.or.cz/w/grake.gitE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO

C<cclive(1)>

=head1 AUTHOR

Toni Gundogdu E<lt>legatvs at sign cpan orgE<gt>
